News from: Eza EzamiePage views: 558 timesFor this kind of price range, you can expect good specs that perform well that also looks good, and probably a smartphone that can last you for at least a year before your next upgrade. We shall see whether Samsung Galaxy J7 and Micromax Canvas Sliver 5 would fit in that category or not.- Advertisement - With customers becoming more conscious and weary on how they spend their hard-earned money, it is becoming a war zone out there among all the smartphone manufacturers as the market becomes more and more competitive by the day. Is spending $300 on a smartphone justified? Or will it be a flop in the market with really low take up?We already have Samsung with its recently introduced flagship A-series that is making huge success in the market with its stylish metal outlook. This time around, the J-series is meant to be its mid-range offerings to the market. That is exactly where Samsung's strength is, they have a smartphone for just about everyone. With a body measuring 152.2 x 79.1 x 7.9 mm (5.99 x 3.11 x 0.31 in) and weighing 169 g (5.96 oz), it sure is having a slim profile. Too bad it does not have a metal body to complement its slimness.Talk about slim and light, the Canvas Sliver 5 fares much better. Featuring a razor-thin 5.1mm body, the Canvas Sliver 5 is a design and engineering marvel. Carved to perfection, the phone has been sculpted aesthetically for the perfect fit in the palm of your hands. Weighing in at just 97 grams, it is the first 4G LTE phone that is below 100 grams. What an achievement and congrats to Micromax for achieving such great feat.How did it manage to achieve all that? This is because the Canvas Sliver 5 is crafted from aircraft-grade aluminum, which is robust as well as light. This also makes for a strong and durable device. The precision craftsmanship and its automatic polishing makes for a delicate finish.Now we shall move on to the screen aspect of things. The Galaxy J7 is sporting a 5.5-inch High Definition TFT capacitive touchscreen of 720 x 1280 pixels or ~267 ppi pixel density which makes for a decent screen. In this day and age, it is a huge wonder why on earth are they still using TFT when others have been making full use of the IPS technology. Cost-saving maybe, but it certainly doesn't help its case - especially not in this price range.As for the Canvas Sliver 5, it is sporting a 4.8-inch High Definition AMOLED capacitive touchscreen with a display of 720 x 1280 pixels or ~306 ppi pixel density, this makes for a rather good viewing whether it is reading your favorite e-book, browsing through your social media or watching those Youtube videos. Your investment is even protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 3 which is even better. It also integrates its touch response layer into the display itself using 'Oncell' technology thus making it slimmer.Yes, the Galaxy J7 does have a larger screen but the technology and protection that the Canvas Sliver 5 brings to the table makes it a much better proposition in just about anything.Let's now check out on the performance side of things. Under the hood of the Galaxy, J7 is the Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 chipset, an Octa-core processor comprising Quad-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53, Adreno 405 graphics, and 1.5GB RAM. That's another odd thing that Samsung decided to go for just 1.5GB memory and not have 2GB like others in this mid-range space.But it sure is a lot better than the Canvas Sliver 5. We have over here the Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 chipset, a Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A53 processor, Adreno 306 graphics and 2GB RAM. This makes for a very decent performance that should have no trouble running all your favorite apps and games.Even though the Canvas Sliver 5 has more memory, the Galaxy J7 has a better chipset, twice the amount of cores and better graphics that makes it a winner. If only it were to have 2GB memory instead, that would have been just nice.- Advertisement - Camera-wise, the Galaxy J7 has the 13MP-5MP setup that is quite average for others in this price range. To ensure that it stays above the rest, that's where it has a secondary camera that also comes with its flash that ensures a better selfie picture even under low light conditions.Compare that to the Canvas Sliver 5 which has a 8MP-5MP combo but its primary camera is packed with SONY IMX219 sensor, 4P Largan lens and Blue Glass Filter. It makes for a rather wide 75.6 degrees angle, so you are able to capture more in a single shot. You should be able to make the most of the built-in camera modes to capture life in all its stunning glory. There is a professional mode, night shot, and horizontal panorama shot. Then there's the 5MP secondary camera that makes the package complete.By taking lots and lots of pictures, you're going to need a good amount of storage right? Both the Galaxy J7 and Canvas Sliver 5 has 16GB of internal storage that is nice. While the Galaxy J7 has a microSD slot that allows for an additional 128GB, the Canvas Sliver 5 doesn't have any. So if you require more space, you have to turn to cloud storage it seems. Guess it has to do with keeping up its slim and lightweight profile.Something really unexpected from Samsung is that, the Galaxy J7 will be having the latest Android Lollipop 5.1 right out of the box that is a great thing since you won't have to wait for any updates from Samsung. We know how well Samsung takes care of its flagship devices, but to have a similar treatment for a mid-range device; not that's something new. Keep it up guys!The Canvas Sliver 5 will also be Android Lollipop although it is slightly dated @ version 5.0. But the performance gain and bug fixes should have improved performance on both devices quite considerably.Battery-wise, the Galaxy J7 is miles ahead with its Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery, which is considerably good for its size and power. Expect it to be able to last you for at least a day in between charging.As for the Canvas Sliver 5, it is powered by a rather limited Li-Po 2000 mAh battery that might even struggle to last for a day, particularly if you are a heavy user. Guess you have no choice but to have a power bank on standby just in case you need it.There's one more thing that we need to highlight which is something good to have especially if you are an audio freak. You can now enjoy crystal clear tones and a deep resounding bass on the Canvas Sliver 5. It is equipped with NXP Smart Power Amplifier and Dirac HD sound. Enjoy rich sound tonality with deeper bass range as there is more output volume without damaging the speakers. With Dirac HD Sound, it is all about delivering amazing surround sound, sound correction as opposed to sound effects as well as an advanced algorithm which creates a tailored digital controller.Finally, both smartphones have 4G LTE connectivity but only the Galaxy J7 has dual sim capability.- Advertisement - The Samsung Galaxy J7 is at best average if the price indication is anything to go by. But pit it against the Canvas Sliver 5, and it is a totally different thing altogether.Being the world's lightest 4G LTE smartphone with a very slim profile to boot, the Micromax Canvas Sliver 5 will certainly make people drooling for it. You will also be getting a pretty decent performer and camera as well. The only downside is its rather limited storage and small battery which can be negated if you turn on cloud storage or carry a powerbank with you.The Samsung Galaxy J7 is expected to be released in next month and will be available for approximately $290 USD. It will be available in black, white and gold.The Micromax Canvas Sliver 5 is readily available for $279 USD and is only available in white.News From