News from: Eza EzamiePage views: 547 timesIn our latest 5.5-inch octa-core roundup, we have a well-known Samsung Galaxy J7 against the pretender Meizu MX5 who is well on its way in moving up ranks in the smartphone industry. Both are available on a budget despite having great specs which sound good to us.- Advertisement - Let's have some background information on both of them, shall we? We already have Samsung with its flagship A-series making a success with the stylish metal outlook. This time around, the J-series is meant to be its mid-range offerings to the market. This is where Samsung's strength lies in, they seem to have a smartphone for everyone. But can it compete against the Chinese on its own turf? We will find out soon enough.Frankly speaking, not many of us outside of the native China would know the name Meizu. But it is about time they should get some international recognition for what they can achieve and start promoting their brand and their products out to the international market. Surely they can't keep quiet from the outside world of their great specs and a decent price that they dish out for any longer.We'll start off with the usual stuffs first. The Galaxy J7 has a body measurement of 152.2 x 79.1 x 7.9 mm (5.99 x 3.11 x 0.31 in) and weighing 169 g (5.96 oz). It sure does have a slim and light profile. Too bad it does not have a metal body to complement its slimness.Compare that to the MX5's body of 149.9 x 74.7 x 7.6 mm (5.90 x 2.94 x 0.30 in) and 149 g (5.26 oz), we have a winner right away. Being just 7.6mm thin, it features great design packed in an all-metal body. They have developed a state of the art coloring and injection molding process, which frees the metal back from unattractive antenna lines. The outcome is an exquisite 12-gun 3D sand blasting, a 5 step anodizing process and superb fine polishing, which makes the MX5 looks amazing. If that isn't enough, at the back of the smartphone; you can see that the dual-tone flash and laser focus module that are assembled for a sleek rear design. The close Fresnel lens and round camera module look great together. Then there's the diamond blue coating, low tone and depth that reinforces the MX5's look from any angle.The all-metal body and stylish outlook makes the MX5 a clear winner and the Galaxy J7 doesn't stand a chance it seems. But what about the other aspects that make up a smartphone?As for the screen, the Galaxy J7 is sporting a 5.5-inch High Definition TFT capacitive touchscreen of 720 x 1280 pixels or ~267 ppi pixel density which makes for a decent screen. It is a little wonder why it is still using TFT when others have been making full use of the IPS technology. Cost-saving maybe, but it certainly doesn't help in its case. Seems like a dated technology or Samsung is looking for a dumping ground for some of its older inventory and the Galaxy J7 is the answer.Meanwhile on the MX5, it is sporting a 5.5-inch Full HD AMOLED screen with 1080 x 1920 pixels or ~401 ppi pixel density, you can be sure of good-looking images being projected onto the screen. Right from the very beginning, AMOLED surpasses traditional LCD technology in terms of contrast. The 10000:1 contrast ratio, which is very close to the limit of the naked eye, provides the screen with bright, sharp and expressive colors. A unique feature of AMOLED is that every single pixel lightens up individually, actively reducing power consumption to zero in dark-hued pictures. Furthermore, it has a higher color gamut expression with a typical value as high as 100% displays colors as natural as they get. It also has a wide visual angle that is close to 90°, making extreme visual angles, not a single problem. It also ensures that colors always look precise, even when looked at from the side. This makes sharing the screen with a friend or two enjoyable. Plus, this is also the thinnest display in the entire history of Meizu. Being only 1.3mm thin, it is 32% thinner than the MX4. It looks as if the structure was floating on glass. The response sensitivity has also been improved significantly.Again, pound-for-pound the technology for Galaxy J7's screen already looks dated as compared to the latest tech found on the MX5. Everything points to an avalanche that again makes the MX5 the clear winner.Next up is the internal side of things. We have the Galaxy J7 and its Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 chipset, an Octa-core processor comprising Quad-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53, Adreno 405 graphics, and 1.5GB RAM. That's another odd thing that Samsung decided to go for just 1.5GB memory? Why can't it have 2GB like others in this mid-range space? Again, it is another perplexing move by the Koreans.The MX5 instead will be powered by the Mediatek MT6795 chipset paired with an Octa-core 2.2 GHz Cortex-A53 processor, PowerVR G6200 MP4 graphics and 3GB RAM. Now that is some pretty serious hardware that guarantees that you won't face any issues in running all of the latest apps and games that are out there in the market.Even though both of them have an octa-core processor, the MX5 has a better chipset, faster processor speed and double the size of the memory as compared to the Galaxy J7. This points to the MX5 being a lot better than the Galaxy J7.- Advertisement - Perhaps the Galaxy J7's saving grace is its 13 Megapixel primary camera and 5 Megapixel secondary camera. Then again, Samsung has something up its sleeve with its secondary camera all set to have a flash that ensures a better selfie picture even under low light conditions.Meanwhile on the MX5, it will be getting an awesome 20.7 Megapixel primary camera that certainly packs a heavy punch. Their partnership with the SONY IMX220 lens in the past year has brought several improved software algorithms: white balance, sharpening, color tuning and shutter logic. All these are well implemented in the MX5. Armed with a brand new 6P lens and laser-aided focusing technology, you will get to experience unprecedented clarity when taking your favorite photos. The brand new shutter logic and the f/2.2 large aperture lens form a basis for creating pictures of outstanding quality. The upgraded algorithm for white balance and sharpening enable the MX5 to perform well and stable, even in complex environments. Combined with the brand new DM3.0 image algorithm, the MX5 has improved performance in skin color treatment and low light noise reduction. Not satisfied with that, there's the brand new 5.0-megapixel front camera which is equipped with a large f/2.0 aperture that optimizes performance even under low light conditions. With FotoNation 2.0 intelligent beautification, it is being used in combination with the existing Face AE facial exposure strengthening technology. Just press the shutter button and your pictures will automatically be beautified in an instant.The MX5's 20.7MP-5MP camera versus Galaxy J's 13MP-5MP camera, and you have another clear winner in the MX5.By taking lots and lots of pictures, you're going to need a good amount of storage right? Indeed, the Galaxy J7 comes with 16GB of internal storage plus there's also a microSD slot which allows for an additional 128GB.As for the MX5, you have to be very careful though since it does not have an expansion slot. You got to choose from 16 GB, 32GB or 64GB whichever your budget allows you. Just make sure you don't regret it later if you run out of space pretty fast. In any case, there's always cloud storage that you can tap into.Now that's something to cheer about on the Galaxy J7, but seems like it is a little bit too late.On the software side of things, both the Galaxy J7 and MX5 would have the latest Android Lollipop update right out of the. No worries over there.Battery-wise, the Galaxy J7 is powered by a Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery which is considerably fair for its size and power. Expect it to be able to last you for at least a day in between charging.Compare that to the MX5 which packs a non-removable 3150 mAh battery which should also have no problems powering up the device for a day or two in between charging.Also do take note that both of them have dual-sim capability and 4G LTE connectivity as well, which is a plus point.Finally, the MX5 has a fingerprint sensor which makes unlocking the screen or performing banking transactions so much easier. The entire module has been redesigned, bringing you a better industrial design, a higher recognition speed and an improved user experience. The brand new capsule-shaped home button integrates perfectly with the simplified and unified design of the phone's body. Normally it is reserved for higher-end (and more expensive) models, but Meizu does incorporate it into the MX5; which is the icing on the cake.- Advertisement - The Samsung Galaxy J7 is at best, looking to be average from the looks of things. Good luck to Samsung to be able to penetrate the Chinese market with this smartphone.Considering the amazing specs and how many features are inside the MX5, it certainly provides real value for money. How Meizu does that is a miracle and the Galaxy J7 certainly don't stand a chance against it.The Samsung Galaxy J7 is expected to be released in the next couple of months and will be available for approximately $290 USD. It will be available in black, white and gold.Whereas for Meizu MX5, it is available for pre-order for approximately $309 USD for the 16GB model and will start to ship out on August 1st. The only issue might be to keep up with the expected crazy demand.News From