Edit: After 1 week of use, this phone is getting heated every time i charge it even the screen is getting heated so that you ll not love to touch.  This is my personal experience using J7 for 7 days. I waited a long time for this phone for more than 1 month. As someone said, Don't judge the book by it's cover same concept is here.  I am using this phone for last few days ; i found nothing great in it b'coz i am already using samsung G Grand. As mentioned, i will try to figure it out..  This product is manufactured by samsung but in India..  Pros+Cons:  1) This phone is just the replica of previous ones in terms of design but its sleek ; golden one is available for such price segment, that's something different from samsung.  2) Around the globe samsung is famous for ;Hanging; issue, this time they worked hard to overcome this, still i am facing slow processing(not hanging) with some apps.  3)Battery drainage was biggest drawback for samsung ; still it is. Just the drainage is slow this time. The Ultra power saving mode is something Rubbish. Only black screen with some apps to use. Limiting usage will easily save battery, what's new in that?  4)Display is always one of the best part in samsung ; it is. I tried BluRay print of AVATAR, I must say here Super AMOLED failed, but except that display is best. Brightness is better. In outdoor condition its fine. Reduced security here with gorilla glass.  5)Performance is Ok-Ok. No lags till now. But samsung phones performance decreases with time.  6)Camera: The 13MP rear camera with f1.9 aperture, its not the one to be called Samsung's camera. Its something else. Outdoor clicks are always good with any camera, problem is with indoor clicks. What we got in this phone will always take same picture as samsung never provide any update to their phones in their lifetime. Pictures are really not even comparable to Moto G 3rd Edtn OR ASUS Zenfone 2.  5MP front camera, is worst you can get. Even samsung J1 front camera with 2MP is better than this one! Unbelievable. The front flash is just an add on, night pics with this flash were Horrible.  7) I don't find any issues related to connectivity, just the second sim signals are fluctuating, here you'll get both LTE SIM Slot. PC connectivity is easy.  8)For user, 11.6GB of memory is available to use. I used 64GB SD card ; it is running smoothly.  9)Sound may be a concern for other brand lovers as sound is little low. Traditional stereo headset neither great nor too bad. Some R;D work added with samsung J7, to understand what level of sound a user experience ; adapt it accordingly.  10)Multimedia: This phone does not understand .avi format related to video ; movie. No dedicated music player, Google play music is available.  11)Phone is little bit heavy ; sleek its not easy to keep. I am using Samsung flip cover which is great in looks, quality ; grab.  12)Someone mentioned here that this phone does not capture screenshot, Well it does. Menu button+Power button for 1sec will capture.  13)Many functions of android like Widgets n all are not available, that leads to less customization which we don't like.  14)The Gold variant is awesome in looks, but biggest drawback is the back panel. It's a thin paper size plastic panel one can easily break it. The CHEAPEST item in J7.  15)Touch panel is as usual great. Smooth-utterly-butterly experience but sometimes single touch doesn't work. Same problem claimed by other users also.  16)In-built apps like Smart Manager is great with security app. SKYPE,One Drive/Note, useful, but games which are pre-installed, seriously one will ask who play this Shit? also only 180 minutes are provided to play.  17)RAM management is always hectic work for samsung, again poor management of RAM. One gets only 500 Mb. Which is just 35% of overall capacity whereas in Moto G 3rd, one gets 1.2Gb of RAM ~ 60%. Due to this i think am facing slow processing of some apps.  18) No backlit on buttons.  About AnTuTu Benchmark:  1) It scored 36485(Quite bettr than Moto G 3rd). On benchmarks J7 won, but in reality Moto G works better.   Overall for this phone, samsung has been reduced everything up-to an extent to satisfy only Indian needs ; keeping it under 15k range, as in this price they compromised, Gorilla glass, Better camera, More RAM, Exynos processor insted of Qualcomm Snapdragon, Metal back panel, Menu functioning(reduced android facility). I don't think this is what I needed.  I am not satisfied with this as i already enjoy better experience than this. Nothing's new ; incredible, i must say one should prefer Moto G 3rd Edtn, as it is less expensive ; provides Gorilla glass, stock android, better Ram management, IPX7-rating water resistant, ; better camera. Only Gold colour ; 5.5 screen is not the only thing one should go for.  Hope that helps.    