I got Samsung j7 from flipkart on 23rd sep and here is my genuine review after 10 days of use. I change my phone max every 6 months previously used Honor 4x, lenovo k3 note, lenovo a7000, mi4, samsung s5, iphone 6, samsung note 3 neo, one plus one, moto g3  Look and feel: 10/10 for gold version I have gold varient and build quality is nice, though its plastic i am ok with it. i have a golden transparent cover and trust me i have fooled my friends and family saying that its Note 5. so far the best looking phone i have used.  Software: 10/10  As it is Android 5.1.1 the user experience is ery smooth, no lag and feature rich. though the Ram is 1.5gb this phone is blazing fast and beats all of the above mention phones. its DDR3 ram and optimized with samsungs Eynos processor. Good job done   Sensors: 7/10  People talk a lot a out sensors, really! do u evn know wht all these sensors do, no u dnt. well yes you dnt have auto bright sensor and i am ok with tht as it has outdoor mode and in daylight if you click tht it is bery bisible and bright.. it has all sensors you need for basic functions, nothing extra but it wont bother you.  Gaming: 9/10 It am a games and i play games like nova 3, 8 ball pool, mc4, asphalt, nfs mw, blits brigade and ii havnt noticed any major lag and device dsnt abnormally heat up. so good gaming device.  Video and Sound: 7/10 Yes it is not one of the loudest phone you can buy in market, if you want that go for Sony or Htc. loudness is enough for watching videos on youtube and listening music, if you feel your ring tone volume is less install free apps like speaker booster and keep limit to 40% and use 320kbps songs as your ringtones.. trust me loudness is enough, it is samsung and is comparable with samsung s5. clarity is decent enough.   No led : 7/10 Yes i miss tled notification feature a lot, but guess what you are using Android there are 100 alternatives for missing led notification light. try app called dynamic notification, it has inbuld feature under accessibility to use camera flash light when u get a call and it has inbuilt reminder for notification...u can choose frm notification tones, vibration and time. so i dnt crib abt it. i am happy and contented about it.  Camera: 8/10  people expect dslr pictures from their phone, no it will not happen... 13 mp back camera is very good in day light and low light.. it is close to samsung s5 and one plus one... better than rest in this price category. front 5mp cam with flash is the highlight and people will come and ask you which phone is this. both front and back cameras are very good.   Battery: 9/10 I feel i am back in time when i was using Nokia phones, yes the battery is that good in samsung j7. with very heavy usage like me it gives me 1 day backup and still have 20% juice left. moderate user can expect 1.5 to 2 days easily.   Verdict: 8/10 15k, this phone is worth the money, it is samsung and new touchwiz is very smooth and lag free. Exceptionally good battery, good camera, good gaming without lag and decent sound output. i have used a lot of phones and in this price range the quality provided by samsung is good. amoled screen is best, have options for changing the look n feel of device with samsung themes. rather than buying any chinese brand go for this phone you wont regret.     