I don't usually write much reviews but I will for this one since it's my new phone and all :p First of all Flipkart did a good job in delivering the product on time and well packed. I've been using this phone for almost 2 weeks now and I gotta say I'm really impressed by its performance. I didn't notice any hangs or lags while browsing, whatsapping, watching videos or gaming*. But the camera however isn't anything special as I didn't find the quality that amazing. It isn't exactly poor either but since it's a gaming phone, camera quality can be compromised. As for gaming I've played Asphalt 8 in high settings and there is a little bit of lag here and there but you won't be bothered by it so much. In medium settings the game runs smooth as butter. Also the loading time is fairly short so that's a plus as well. Then I played N.O.V.A 3, one of the most powerful and graphical first person shooter game and I gotta say the game ran really well without almost little to no lag. So gaming is perfect for this phone. One thing I want to point out is the issue I had when I charged this phone for the first time. Even after charging for like half an hour the battery percent only went up like 3-4 percent and 10 mins later I heard a 'tuk' sound when the phone charger literally got pulled backwards from the charging socket! After quickly turning it off, I removed the phone from the charger and charged it using another Microsoft charger I bought which is compatible for all phones. Guess what? The phone started to get charged by 3-4% in like 4 mins. So I'm really disappointed with Samsung for giving me a faulty charger. Anyway moving on the battery life is really great. Even after playing Asphalt 8 for more than 20 mins the battery only went down like 5%. And one more issue I faced was with wifi. It showed good signal strength but the connectivity was poor (whatsapp msgs took time to be delivered and incoming msgs were also delayed). After quite an amount of researching I got it fixed by a simple solution that is turning your WiFi power save mode off. Now to do that you have to dial *#001# and you'll automatically be taken to a screen. In the top right corner click on 'More' then select 'Wifi' and then turn Wifi power save mode 'off'. Reboot the phone and the issue is solved but I do think turning it off will drain the battery life a little faster than before. Finally the sound is really low for this phone. If you're travelling somewhere in a bus you won't hear incoming calls so you have to put the phone in vibration mode as it's the only solution (well either that or staring at the screen till you get off). While gaming or watching videos the sound is fairly decent although I wish it was slightly more louder. Anyway that's all I want to say about this phone. It's working great, no problems with any apps or softwares. If you like playing games on your smartphone and don't really care that much about high quality camera pictures, then J7 is your best bet. Rating it 4 stars :)    