"x"
"1" "\"phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars Huawei Honor 6 vs Samsung Galaxy J77 vs Huawei Honor 7i\""
"2" "\"noreplygooglecom New signin from Samsung Galaxy J77 New signin from Samsung Galaxy J77 Hi Financial Your Google Account fi\""
"3" "\"How many days po ba process ng application sa plan I applied for plan 1499 with samsung galaxy j7\""
"4" "\"phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars Huawei Honor 6 vs Samsung Galaxy J77 vs Huaw\""
"5" "\"phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars phonewars Comparison between Samsung Galaxy J77 H\""
"x"
"1" "\"Samsung Galaxy J77 has a new review Samsung review\""
"2" "\"I liked a video Samsung Galaxy J77 How to Insert SIM Card and Micro Sd Card\""
"3" "\"how was the camera quality of Samsung galaxy j7 n the battery life on ur phone I m asking because the camera is very poor\""
"4" "\"Samsung Galaxy J77 16 GB shreasthcreationcomAndroid v51 Lollipop OS13 MP Primary Camera5 MP Secondary Camera w\""
"5" "\"Samsungs 5 Mistake in Making of Galaxy J77\""
"x"
"1" "\"Samsung Galaxy J77 16 GB Samsung Galaxy J75 White 8 GB shreasthcreationcomSamsung Galaxy J75 White 8 GB\""
"2" "\"Samsung Galaxy J77 Original With 1 Year Warranty Best Price RM93000 only    Price change without any period\""
"3" "\"OctoplusOctopus Samsung v209 Galaxy S5 Neo Galaxy J77 Tab S2 and more   OctoplusOctopus Box Samsun\""
"4" "\"Samsung Galaxy J77 16GB Price 2300 LAUNCH Announced 2015 June Status Available Released 2015 June BODY\""
"5" "\"GalaxyJ77 Flagships   Samsung Galaxy J77 A MidRange Smartphone Which Will Make You Forget About Flagships\""
"x"
"1" "i purchaged this mobile by the flipkart this are reliable price but its not good for whose people talk much more and talking purpose, because its sound quality is too low and need to listen very carefully by the speaker also its happen buzz in back site like speaker is below in back site and all are empty in this phone so back cover is vibrating , also for ringing volume and song sound quality is too low after then have full volume in this phone .    all are ok like camera is fantastic and every thing is good , only sound quality and mike quality is noot good also have to speak in loud because opposite person cant listen if you speak slowly slowly . so don't purchase if you purchasing this mobile for talking purpose . i swear its being with me so will not recommend to purchase to any other person for talking purpose .    "
"2" "I purchased Samsung J7 to gift my wife on her birthday. When she switched on this phone was unable to unlock, i thought i will restart and it will work. But after removing screen guard , factory reset phone but problem still persist. We have to restart by clicking on power and volume button to restart the phone everytime touch dont work. We requested flipkart to return this phone and give us replacement. They called once asked us to factory reset ; remove screen guard, we did all they said and flipkart rep said he will call back in sometime. But we never received any call from him. We missed one call and they rejected the replacement. I am trying returning the phone but still they are rejecting my request. Now we are thinking to report this incident to consumer court for this pathetic service and bad quality phone. I will not recommend to buy this phone to anyone. Its not worth the money.    "
"3" "Awesome phone thank you Samsung and flip kart.For such a wonderful smartphone.  Great Performance. Long Lasting Battery. Awesome display quality. Fastest Processor. Great service by flip kart.  For service of flip kart 5/5.Flip kart karega apki har wish puri.....!!!    "
"4" "Hi guys,   I bought this phone samsung j7 from flipkart. Delivered today but as soon as i recieved i was going on with the general checks we do like sound, screen quality and many simple checks, then i realized the sound quality is good but the sound is not at all loud i am very much disappointed by the output.I was out with friends , one of my friends called on the device i was not at all alerted as the sound is too much low. Please friends dont buy this device at all because samsung should know that if we miss calls on our mobiles so whats the use of mobiles we buy. Samsung please fix this. Overall phone is very good but just because of the low sound this whole product is useless. Its totally bad as its titles gaming phone its not at all one because gaming phone should also have a good sound output. Its my advice dont go for it...thank you    "
"5" "love my new phone...amazing delivery by flipkart...got my phone one day from ordering For those who r confused between this n zenfone this beats zenfone for:- 1: NO CALL DROPS...just visit the zenfone website n see how many users have complained 2. SAMSUNG QUALITY N TRUST...service centre really cares fr u n is also spread all over india rather than asus ones..also asus service centers r more tending to repair laptops than phones..  well u may feel zenfone better in its features(even i was about to order it) but later i cancelled my order after seeing zenfone site....WHAT IS THE USE OF A PHONE THROUGH WHICH U CANT CALL HUH??....go for j7!!!    "
"x"
"1" "looks very beautiful with golden body  looks very beautiful with golden body  looks very beautiful with golden body  looks very beautiful with golden body  looks very beautiful with golden body      "
"2" "I strongly recommended to BUY this Phone. I strongly recommended to BUY this Phone. I strongly recommended to BUY this Phone.    "
"3" "VERY NICE PHONE. NO heeting no hangig problam so slim ; good 15 k. camra so so good not avery good outdoor photos indoor is not good!!! over all very nice ; thaks FILIPCART. may phone delevr date 5 oct 2015 but only 2 day delevr to filipcart thaks all sport tem.    "
"4" "I was not expecting from samsung a poor quality of head phone.very basic which comes with basic phones.Overall phone is OK.    "
"5" "Great phone. Awesome camera. Similar features like Note 2 except the S Pen and RAM  Major Cons : Samsung Account and Dropbox Account - Sync Disabled  Lost all my contacts since there is a bug in J7 that restricts from syncing Samsung Account and Dropbox Account  Sound of phone - 5 / 10  Informed Samsung about the same (Sync disabled)  Rest all is great. Its truly a phablet.      "
"x"
"1" "Thanks to Flip-kart ; WS Retailer for shipping Samsung Galaxy J7 very fast!   Finally The day for Un boxing Samsung Galaxy J7  Display:Super HD AMOLED, 5.5inch, HD (1280*720 P) Performance:CPU:-1.5GHZ Octa Core Processor + Exynos 7580,GPU:-Mali-T720 MP2 Memory ; Storage:1.5 GB RAM,16 GB ROM Internal,Micro SD:-Expandable up to 128 GB! Front ; Rear Camera:Front:5MP with LED, Rear:13MP with LED Flash, Full HD Video Recording!(1920*1080 @ 30fps) Battery:3000 mah  Pros: 1.Looks definitely steals the show - Gold color looks more premium look of metallic finish with chrome rounded edges (unlike same white ; Black) even though the skinny back panel looks great! 2.Superamouded display with Live colors (definitely treat to the eyes) which was the best feature in this phone which was outclassed everyone in this price bracket! 3.Slimmest phone ; little light weight with 5.5 Inch Screen,But still it can be operated in  one hand! 4.Jet speed Processing ; Performances. 5.Multitasking runs very smoothly without any lags! 6.Heavy Gaming without hanging ; heating at back! 7.1080p Full HD Videos plays very well ; quick response ; processing in the middle of the file too! 8.Smooth Running Apps not like other Samsung smartphones!  Default Status: 11.64 GB Out of 16 GB ROM Internal, System Memory:4.18 GB ,750 to 500 MB RAM Available from 1.5 GB RAM! Micro SD CARD (64 GB):59.59 GB User available.  9.No Lag at all! Its simply awesome ; again smooth running apps especially FB ; games! 10.Smart Manager App was very useful in one touch of Storage * RAM management ; Device Security too! 11.Both Front ; Rear having LED's Quite useful for Selfies!  12.Both cams have good clarity of stills but in comparison Front was much superior than Rear! 13.Auto Focus,Beauty Face ; Continuous Shorts1! 14.Video Quality ; Clarity comparatively quite good from others! 15.HDR Mode Enhancement! 16.1080p Full HD Videos plays very well ; quick response ; processing in the middle of the file too! 17.Clarity was quite good ; same as other Samsung smartphones! 18.Decent Audio noise levels! 19.4G connectivity was quite stronger ; faster with 1 or 2bars of Signal strength! 20.Supports OTG too! 21.Removable Battery. 22.Standby Mode was really great with other smartphones (for 7hours of standby mode only 1% get reduced similarly other Samsung phone in the range was 10 +% gets reduced which is very higher) 23.Quick Charging within 2.5Hours! 24.After watching 2.5 Hours of Movie ,one hour of net suffering ; half hour of game usage it was only reduced to 80% out of 100% (consumed only 20% of battery life) which was quite good feature for this huge screen phone! 25.No Heating at back for call above 20mins ; only 1% of battery gets reduced! 26.Speaker output was quite good in gaming ,watching movie. 27.Music via Headphone was very good even though it looks Very cheap for premium looking handset! 28.Only looks like premium but cable was not so long to charge * definitely needs a longer cable! 29.Headphone was looking very cheap and outdated one!(but audio quality was good).  Cons: 1.5.5inch huge display (no probs since), No full HD Resolution. 2.Memory ; Storage:Nothing yet(its enough to have 1.5GB RAM for this device instead of 2GB RAM). 3.Camera:Rear output was not as 13MP a bit lower! 4.NO HDR Mode for Front Cam! 5.Default Music App was not there from Samsung! Badly missing it! 6.Audio output was low (Not in MX Player). 7.Normal output (expect media files) was not up to the mark..eg(key pad sound)!Some update needs to fix this! 8.Ringer volume was comparatively low as u should keep it with vibrate mode always.  Accessories: one Travel Adapter, one Data cable cum Charger Cable ; one Stereo Headset.  Pros:Looking like Premium branded Accessories! Cons: 1.Only looks like premium but cable was not so long to charge * definitely needs a longer cable! 2.Headphone was looking very cheap and outdated one!(but audio quality was good).  Addons ; Advise: 1.For those who going to add above 32,64 ; 128 GB Micro-SD Card Please check file system was FAT32 otherwise it wont recognize the data in Handset!Normally it will come in NTFS File format default in SD Card! 2.Please remember Handset will recognize (read/ Write) the Data only in the Format FAT32!     "
"2" "Edit: After 1 week of use, this phone is getting heated every time i charge it even the screen is getting heated so that you ll not love to touch.  This is my personal experience using J7 for 7 days. I waited a long time for this phone for more than 1 month. As someone said, Don't judge the book by it's cover same concept is here.  I am using this phone for last few days ; i found nothing great in it b'coz i am already using samsung G Grand. As mentioned, i will try to figure it out..  This product is manufactured by samsung but in India..  Pros+Cons:  1) This phone is just the replica of previous ones in terms of design but its sleek ; golden one is available for such price segment, that's something different from samsung.  2) Around the globe samsung is famous for ;Hanging; issue, this time they worked hard to overcome this, still i am facing slow processing(not hanging) with some apps.  3)Battery drainage was biggest drawback for samsung ; still it is. Just the drainage is slow this time. The Ultra power saving mode is something Rubbish. Only black screen with some apps to use. Limiting usage will easily save battery, what's new in that?  4)Display is always one of the best part in samsung ; it is. I tried BluRay print of AVATAR, I must say here Super AMOLED failed, but except that display is best. Brightness is better. In outdoor condition its fine. Reduced security here with gorilla glass.  5)Performance is Ok-Ok. No lags till now. But samsung phones performance decreases with time.  6)Camera: The 13MP rear camera with f1.9 aperture, its not the one to be called Samsung's camera. Its something else. Outdoor clicks are always good with any camera, problem is with indoor clicks. What we got in this phone will always take same picture as samsung never provide any update to their phones in their lifetime. Pictures are really not even comparable to Moto G 3rd Edtn OR ASUS Zenfone 2.  5MP front camera, is worst you can get. Even samsung J1 front camera with 2MP is better than this one! Unbelievable. The front flash is just an add on, night pics with this flash were Horrible.  7) I don't find any issues related to connectivity, just the second sim signals are fluctuating, here you'll get both LTE SIM Slot. PC connectivity is easy.  8)For user, 11.6GB of memory is available to use. I used 64GB SD card ; it is running smoothly.  9)Sound may be a concern for other brand lovers as sound is little low. Traditional stereo headset neither great nor too bad. Some R;D work added with samsung J7, to understand what level of sound a user experience ; adapt it accordingly.  10)Multimedia: This phone does not understand .avi format related to video ; movie. No dedicated music player, Google play music is available.  11)Phone is little bit heavy ; sleek its not easy to keep. I am using Samsung flip cover which is great in looks, quality ; grab.  12)Someone mentioned here that this phone does not capture screenshot, Well it does. Menu button+Power button for 1sec will capture.  13)Many functions of android like Widgets n all are not available, that leads to less customization which we don't like.  14)The Gold variant is awesome in looks, but biggest drawback is the back panel. It's a thin paper size plastic panel one can easily break it. The CHEAPEST item in J7.  15)Touch panel is as usual great. Smooth-utterly-butterly experience but sometimes single touch doesn't work. Same problem claimed by other users also.  16)In-built apps like Smart Manager is great with security app. SKYPE,One Drive/Note, useful, but games which are pre-installed, seriously one will ask who play this Shit? also only 180 minutes are provided to play.  17)RAM management is always hectic work for samsung, again poor management of RAM. One gets only 500 Mb. Which is just 35% of overall capacity whereas in Moto G 3rd, one gets 1.2Gb of RAM ~ 60%. Due to this i think am facing slow processing of some apps.  18) No backlit on buttons.  About AnTuTu Benchmark:  1) It scored 36485(Quite bettr than Moto G 3rd). On benchmarks J7 won, but in reality Moto G works better.   Overall for this phone, samsung has been reduced everything up-to an extent to satisfy only Indian needs ; keeping it under 15k range, as in this price they compromised, Gorilla glass, Better camera, More RAM, Exynos processor insted of Qualcomm Snapdragon, Metal back panel, Menu functioning(reduced android facility). I don't think this is what I needed.  I am not satisfied with this as i already enjoy better experience than this. Nothing's new ; incredible, i must say one should prefer Moto G 3rd Edtn, as it is less expensive ; provides Gorilla glass, stock android, better Ram management, IPX7-rating water resistant, ; better camera. Only Gold colour ; 5.5 screen is not the only thing one should go for.  Hope that helps.    "
"3" "This is my personal experience using J7 for 3 days. I waited a long time for this phone for more than 1 month. As someone said, Don't judge the book by it's cover same concept is here.  I am using this phone for last few days ; i found nothing great in it b'coz i am already using samsung G Grand. As mentioned, i will try to figure it out.. This product is manufactured by samsung but in India..  Pros+Cons:  1) This phone is just the replica of previous ones in terms of design but its sleek ; golden one is available for such price segment, that's something different from samsung.  2) Around the globe samsung is famous for ;Hanging; issue, this time they worked hard to overcome this, still i am facing slow processing(not hanging) with some apps.  3)Battery drainage was biggest drawback for samsung ; still it is. Just the drainage is slow this time. The Ultra power saving mode is something Rubbish. Only black screen with some apps to use. Limiting usage will easily save battery, what's new in that?  4)Display is always one of the best part in samsung ; it is. I tried BluRay print of AVATAR, I must say here Super AMOLED failed, but except that display is best. Brightness is better. In outdoor condition its fine. Reduced security here with gorilla glass.  5)Performance is Ok-Ok. No lags till now. But samsung phones performance decreases with time.  6)Camera: The 13MP rear camera with f1.9 aperture, its not the one to be called Samsung's camera. Its something else. Outdoor clicks are always good with any camera, problem is with indoor clicks. What we got in this phone will always take same picture as samsung never provide any update to their phones in their lifetime. Pictures are really not even comparable to Moto G 3rd Edtn OR ASUS Zenfone 2.  5MP front camera, is worst you can get. Even samsung J1 front camera with 2MP is better than this one! Unbelievable. The front flash is just an add on, night pics with this flash were Horrible.  7) I don't find any issues related to connectivity, just the second sim signals are fluctuating, here you'll get both LTE SIM Slot. PC connectivity is easy.  8)For user, 11.6GB of memory is available to use. I used 64GB SD card ; it is running smoothly.  9)Sound may be a concern for other brand lovers as sound is little low. Traditional stereo headset neither great nor too bad. Some R;D work added with samsung J7, to understand what level of sound a user experience ; adapt it accordingly.  10)Multimedia: This phone does not understand .avi format related to video ; movie. No dedicated music player, Google play music is available.  11)Phone is little bit heavy ; sleek its not easy to keep. I am using Samsung flip cover which is great in looks, quality ; grab.  12)Someone mentioned here that this phone does not capture screenshot, Well it does. Menu button+Power button for 1sec will capture.  13)Many functions of android like Widgets n all are not available, that leads to less customization which we don't like.  14)The Gold variant is awesome in looks, but biggest drawback is the back panel. It's a thin paper size plastic panel one can easily break it. The CHEAPEST item in J7.  15)Touch panel is as usual great. Smooth-utterly-butterly experience but sometimes single touch doesn't work. Same problem claimed by other users also.  16)In-built apps like Smart Manager is great with security app. SKYPE,One Drive/Note, useful, but games which are pre-installed, seriously one will ask who play this Shit? also only 180 minutes are provided to play.  17)RAM management is always hectic work for samsung, again poor management of RAM. One gets only 500 Mb. Which is just 35% of overall capacity whereas in Moto G 3rd, one gets 1.2Gb of RAM ~ 60%. Due to this i think am facing slow processing of some apps.  18) No backlit on buttons.  About AnTuTu Benchmark:  1) It scored 36485(Quite bettr than Moto G 3rd). On benchmarks J7 won, but in reality Moto G works better.  Overall for this phone, samsung has been reduced everything up-to an extent to satisfy only Indian needs ; keeping it under 15k range, as in this price they compromised, Gorilla glass, Better camera, More RAM, Exynos processor insted of Qualcomm Snapdragon, Metal back panel, Menu functioning(reduced android facility). I don't think this is what I needed.  I am not satisfied with this as i already enjoy better experience than this. Nothing's new ; incredible, i must say one should prefer Moto G 3rd Edtn, as it is less expensive ; provides Gorilla glass, stock android, better Ram management, IPX7-rating water resistant, ; better camera. Only Gold colour ; 5.5 screen is not the only thing one should go for. Hope that helps.     "
"4" "m having problem in recording videos in samsung j7....... always show warning of recording failed....    "
"5" "I agreed with Raj review on 12 sept 2015 with regard to the problem that this phone gives. The phone becomes non reachable to callers at times especially when set in LTE mode. The auto mode of connectivity is not functioning as automatic, it sets as LTE mode only, when kept in LTE/WCDMA/GSM and also stick to WCDMA mode only, when kept in WCDMA/GSM mode. I am sure that this connectivity issue is because of this technical flaw of non auto switching of connectivity modes as per the signals strength. This problem has made me to put the phone on GSM mode only while expecting calls. How can this problem be resolved?  Excluding THIS , All other features of the phone are SUPERB.    "
"x"
"1" "The Moto G 3rd gen supports 4G LTE, WiFi 802.11 b/g/n with WiFi hotspot, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS, microUSB 2.0 and USB Host.  The Galaxy J7 has 4G LTE, WiFi 802.11 b/g/n with WiFi hotspot, WiFi Direct, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS, and microUSB 2.0."
"2" "The Moto G 3rd gen comes in two variants.  One has 1GB of RAM and 8GB of internal storage and the other has 2GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage.  Both are expandable to 32GB via microSD.  The Samsung phone has 1.5GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage, expandable with microSD to 128GB."
"3" "Here we are taking about comparison of the features and specification of the devices Xiaomi Mi 4i and Samsung Galaxy J7. Xiaomi Mi 4i device comes with Li-Ion 3120 mAh  battery. This phone is powered with Quad-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 & quad-core 1.1 GHz Cortex-A53 processor which gives maximum performance. While Samsung Galaxy J7 device comes with Li-Ion 3000 mAh  battery. This device is powered with Octa-core 1.2 GHz processor which gives maximum performance."
"4" "There is no Camera in BlackBerry Classic Non Camera."
"5" "Here we are taking about comparison of the features and specification of the devices Lenovo Yoga Tablet 2 8.0 and Samsung Galaxy J7. Lenovo Yoga Tablet 2 8.0 device comes with Li-Ion 6400 mAh  battery. This phone is powered with Quad-core 1.33 GHz processor which gives maximum performance. While Samsung Galaxy J7 device comes with Li-Ion 3000 mAh  battery. This device is powered with Octa-core 1.2 GHz processor which gives maximum performance."
"x"
"1" "Posted By: Arash Fekri Posted date:"
"2" "The mobile device Xiaomi Mi 4i  runs on Android OS, v5.0.2 (Lollipop). Whereas Samsung Galaxy J7  runs on Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop)."
"3" "The mobile device Samsung Galaxy J7  runs on Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop). Whereas Micromax Canvas Fire 4 A107  runs on Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop)."
"4" "The mobile device Samsung Galaxy J7  runs on Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop). Whereas Motorola Moto G (2014)  runs on Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat), upgradable to v5.0 (Lollipop)."
"5" "\"There is an assumption here, that given the same plain text, you always get the encrypted text. This assumption is wrong,\" Prakash says. \"It holds for some forms of encryption, but does not necessarily hold for all forms of encryption. If there's a changing salt, it won't lead to the same encrypted text each time.\""
"x"
"1" "The InFocus M370 (see above) will be available at Rs. 5,999, the InFocus M550-3D at Rs.  15,999, the InFocus M808 at Rs. 12,999, and InFocus M812 at Rs. 19,999.  All the four smartphones will be available to buy in India in  September."
"2" "The A5 was priced around Rs 25,000, while the A7 is priced at around Rs 30,500 at launch. The A9 is expected to be priced around the Rs 36,000 mark."
"3" "The J5 (price Rs 12,000) will be placed below the E5 (price Rs 15,000), which itself is priced below the A5 (Rs 21,000)."
"4" "Galaxy J5 is launched at 1,398 CNY (Rs. 14,350) and Galaxy J7 is launched at 1,798 CNY (Rs. 18,500). The smartphone are launched in China only, there is no word about its global launch date."
"5" "Samsung has launched Samsung Galaxy J7 in India. The smartphone is exclusively launched in India on Flipkart for Rs. 14,999. It is third smartphone in Galaxy J Series."
